Hello `3.x` development branch (#272)
reactphp/event-loop: README.md

[ReactPHP](https://reactphp.org/)'s core reactor event loop that libraries can use for evented I/O.

> **Development version:** This branch contains the code for the upcoming

> > v3 release. For the code of the current stable version 1.5 release, check

Reviewer: How about using v1 instead if 1.5 here? It's possible that, while working on v3, we will release a v1.6 for reactphp/event-loop. This would then lead to us also updating the documentation here, which is not necessary if we avoid specifying a certain version.

```suggestion
> v3 release. For the code of the current stable v1 release, check
```

> > out the [`1.x` branch](https://github.com/reactphp/event-loop/tree/1.x).

Reviewer: This currently looks like we're in `1.0` of event-loop, but we're in `v1.5`. I think it's a good idea to avoid writing a specific release version as this also may change over time. My suggestion might alter the indentation of the text, maybe need to adjust this as well.

```suggestion
> v3 release. For the code of the current stable v1 release, check
> out the [`1.x` branch](https://github.com/reactphp/event-loop/tree/1.x).
```

>
> The upcoming v3 release will be the way forward for this package.

> > However, we will still actively support version 1.5 for those not yet on the

Reviewer: Same case as above

```suggestion
> However, we will still actively support v1 for those not yet on the
```

> > However, we will still actively support version 1.0 for those not yet on the

Reviewer: Same reasoning as my above comment

```suggestion
> The upcoming v3 release will be the way forward for this package.
> However, we will still actively support v1 for those not yet on the
```
